nights in a row walked away from the
game for a while reconsidered how he was
doing it and has been pretty successful
since making a sense of that streak of
losses and there he goes with the right
hand left hook to the body and looking
for that right head kick in it it's not
landing Kazak skedaddle Ayres we got a
hand out you've got to give exact credit
I mean the guy has shown good defensive
skills
well
I've never seen anything like that
before
that was in the last second to the fight
a knockout his story now I don't know if
the referee stopped that fight at that
point I don't know how the rough here
officially calming that the patient's
credible yeah I've never seen anything
like that ha to see the replay I want to
see the replay I'm speechless right now
round I'm trying to find the words to
say besides uh I mean I was sitting back
on my sleeping on that and then Steve
McCade comes out of nowhere with a
flying right knee right to the frontal
lobe of Zachary bare hands and now that
was amazing I want to see the replay I
think we're about that I'm not sure what
that this isn't a replay this isn't it
this is a replay but not veve replay
we're looking for but this is just
another demonstration of became
controlling the fight landing a left
hook to the head or just controlling the
general tempo lands the right hand lands
a right kick
all right so we're ready you know this
was part of the action that had the
crowd a little bit perhaps out of the
fight but it doesn't take much to bring
the crowd back into it and that's the
way it ended and right there's the rough
supplying me dr. burns was ducking down
like I said that right hand every single
time Ron and Steve McCabe does the
Incredible Hulk double bicep pose after
the fight and that was a pretty amazing
knockout he swore to knockout with
literally no time left